[docs] Formatting and proper noun tune-up (#4200)
drud/ddev: pkg/ddevapp/dotddev_assets/providers/README.txt

## Introduction to Hosting Provider Integration

> As of DDEV v1.17, the hosting provider integration has been completely rewritten and reorganized, and integrations for Platform.sh and Acquia hosting have been added to the previous integration for Pantheon.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DDEV's hosting provider integration lets you integrate with any upstream source of database dumps and files (such as your production or staging server) and provides examples of configuration for Acquia, Platform.sh, Pantheon, rsync, etc.
```
